Tis true my brother
I talk to faeries too much and don’t study enough :(
No faeries?
I like this font but it is hard to read. The last one lmao
Magic missile
I support the lack of magic missile. If it’s done every time, the apprentices get used to it. Keep it a surprise.
magic missile
Radagast my beloved
I'll get old Tom's magic brew
See you there!
⚡️⚡️⚡️
Lmao
dm me yo cashapp
I love you arcane_scribe
magic missile
Not me
You've very quickly become by favorite account tysm for posting
I have to take a shit!
I cast magic missile!!!!
blackspelled again
magic missile
MAGIC MISSILE!!!!!!
Faeries are a psyop made to distract wizards from liberating humanity from the incarnation machine
py run magic_missile
nfts? the superbowl? what do you speak of, squire? you've been in slumber for far too long
What about one with 590 replies?
❤️❤️❤️
Magiku missairu
I want to cast magic missile on my next turn
So wise
magic missile
These fonts are so hard to read but I try my hardest to see bc I love u
Hardest magic missile I've seen yet
Yo, pass me that magic missile
She magic on my missile untill i scribe
these damn hylics and their seed oils
Bruh I thought it said baby
Make autists silly again
the profile picture
magic missile
I spelled possess wrong
woah
Like same lol
Yes indeed. Though the mists now hang heavy and dark, the glow of what I once saw is carved upon my retinas, and I must simply follow the path.
3rd slide magicked my missile
magic missile
Magic Missile
What potions are we talking about here?
Would you happen to be in possession of orbs to be pondered, or shall I bring my own?
what are we cooking
bro i bet i was like 599
what will we cast
i am travelling
Keep it up i'll be coming
Nothing has led to more personal growth for me, than YouTube comment exchanges with strangers
Which YouTube videos are you watching wizard
Where do you find the wizard images??
Drop a quick esoteric tidbit.
Magic Missile
I cast spells of doom on small mammals
WOOOOOO BABY
HE'S BACK
“Babe, wake up. New Magic Missile just dropped.”
i missed this
The best account is back! Magic missles all day baby!
I feared there was no more magic left in this relm. The wizard hath returned! we must feast and be merry!
The kingdom rejoices at your return
welcome back, mr scribe
Finally
Ohhh fellow wizard how I've missed you
Life wasn't the same without magic missile
who painted this
Magic missile <3
I agree, Note app makes me feel like that
Magic missile moment
Amazing post
magic missile
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Welcome back fellow wizard
Oh great sage, our hearts and minds are restored with your return. Did thou find the solace one sought?
welcome back friend of old, i hope your travels have bid you well
HE HATH RETURNED APPRENTICES
I MISSED U ARCANE SCRIBE
THE SCRYING STONES FORETOLD OF A GREAT RETURN AND LO SO APPROACHES HE WITH BRIGHT FLAME AND CHERISHED WISDOM IN HAND AND HEART TO ONCE MORE BESTOW UPON US THE WARMTH OF HIS GIFTS, I’ve missed these, welcome back
PIERCE THAT VEIL!
Welcome back, Mr. Scribe
missed you
Praise be upon thee wizard
bro remembered his password
The scribe awakens once more
We are so back
Oh my dearest mother, the arcane scribe has awoken from his slumber
I expect great treasures
Welcome back mr scribe
Magic missile brother.
Magic fucking missile
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Come back pleeeeease
I am waiting eagerly
Where are you master
Wise scribe I feel these long and perilous quests you have embarked upon shall reward you finely. I anticipate your return
You will surely be following an arduous quest that is taking away a lot of your energy but know that, once finished, the people will be enthusiastic to welcome you again❤️
Please come back wizard I'm in need of magic missiles
Come back
I have discovered so many ways to fail! <3 it's remarkable
i return briefly from the great pursuit of knowledge and so too does my favorite chronicler. what a great day
M A G I C  M I S S I L E
Thank you kind and wise Wizard, you are my inspiration!!
What app do you use to make these?
Good man
by reading these words you’ve allowed me to enter your mind and now i’m wiping my feet on your favourite memories
This why I sent the savage orcs to yo tower
Magic missile <3
Istg the tree blinked first…
Thank you. I needed to see this today.
I wish I could see inside your mind. these are so good
That's why I pay all my taxes in pyrite fr
How do I find more of this type of image? What do you call this style?
SHADOW WIZARD MONEY GANG
i lost bru
This always goes so hard
Slide 4 caught me off guard
Does the IRS accept alchemical gold?... asking for a friend
When held up to the moon the runes are displayed
I’m about to unfollow unless I see a post soon
‏‏‎ ‎
6 is beautiful. Just an evil knight colorfully represented as a slimish green death, moving into a soft, red corridor. Maybe to conquer, but who knows?
I’d say this experiment was a success!
This post was magic checked by true missile casters : Magical
There’s oil in them hills.
Where do you find these epic omages
HE DOESNT MISS
Cowaed
Felt.
Goes hard
i wouldn't mind some occasional raw wizardposting
please come back
Sage words oh sage
2 months since the last word of your current endeavors, hope the arcane force is treating you well
magic missile
Your posts make me so happy
Oh how thankful I am for this account
FAV INSTAGRAM ACCOUNT
And just after getting myself a new staff, my favorite vvizard enlightens us once more, how very serendipitous indeed
Wise and wonderful post
I’ll always remember who did it first
Hate it when that happens
goblins do such!
I love this more than words or emojis can express.
Return of Magic Missile!
my instagram crashed the moment "magic missle" appeared on my screen
No mares?
The magic missile gets me everytime
Real shit
Good luck on your quest
wait this one was a really good set
Magic Missile! Very good post
Since my last pondering of the ancient text I have stumbled across teachings of mystical arts that bewilder even the most trained human minds these arcane teachings are connected deeply on an ethereal level and can be described as nothing more than Magic I must ponder my orb further to truly understand these mystical arts
MAGIC MOTHAFUCKIN MISSILE
I love u arcane scribe
quite incredibly mystical
slide 5 unequivocally slaps on this one fair scribe
really needed that first one. thank you for what you do with this page :’) keeps the magic goin in my life ((magic missile))
Ancient wizard, i come to your page once again, and i see the pure and raw epic-ness of your machinations and creations.
Big mouth girl returns (she has come for your baby)
Is the first our a misspell?
Yo scroll of teleport for 100 is a hell of a deal
But the Scroll of Teleport only has a range of 20! Bullshit!
Babe wake up!!! Arcane Scribe posted!!!
Plz explain magic missile
we love casting spells
Googoo GaGa
Gamer
Bouta play a pure mage in skyrim for the tenth time, wish me luck
I was there, Stavanger. Nice place
Yo I've been there, the swords are in Stavanger, Norway
magic missile! beautiful magic today.
Blessings upon thy holy divination
those are the swords of ancient giants
Magic missile!!!!
Berk from guts
Took the local damsel to the Tri-sword Forest for a lesson in conjuration
Me asf (greatsword chud)
Mom said it's my turn to be the necromancer!!
You should post some slides without text
Special valentines day post Mr. Scribe? I will use these accordingly, thank you based wizard
MAGIC MISSILE
Who’s the artist on the second slide?
Another banger
Where do you get these fonts oh great wizard
She cast magic on my missile til I cataclysm
Since the last installment in the prophetic novel of the magical missile I have pondered many a scroll and many orb and the missile has bestowed upon me a diminutive bit of its boundless knowledge I will commit the rest of my mere existence to understanding and spreading the scriptures of the scribe
Saint Valentine himself blessed this post
Magic missile.
Welcome back, oh wise and mighty scribe
make???? you been brew, right?
arcane_scribe you’ve done it again
missed you
Always loving these
M A G I C  M I S S I L E
wondrous
Magical
i have never been more happy to see a magic missile
Magic Missile
Dragon on the last two slides looks almost exactly like Kalameet from DS... It's magiKAL-A-MEET familiar face (not my best pun tho)
The loop is fatal. Don’t fall victim
caught me questin
Wow
Magic Missile
If I could like this again I would
The first slide is so real, maybe it is time to escape this awful loop and go on a grander quest.
just when I thought we couldn't get any more esoteric
he don’t miss!!
Magic Missile
Once I brewed a levitation spell so potent, I was able to greet the dragons and spiders on the moon.
it’s the insect one for me
This is us
Where is magic missile ? Btw i think its funnier when you just have the normal IG font
Perfect
Might I query as to where the original background images are found; or are they merely ascertained by the wisdom of the orb?
Potion seller…
What is magic missile
Never teleporting because the best spells are written on the back of a steed
Where did my man go
Love it
Can I get a Dm of the magic barrier one?
magic missile
gnomaste✨
so wise and mystical
the magic missile always being at the end is so comforting, like a happily ever after
Magic missile.
Magic missile
Spells and sorceries abound!
Thank the God's for you my fellow wizard MAGIC MISSILE ✨️✨️
MAGIC MISSILEEEEEEE YESSSSSSSSS
magic missile. ᚷᛟᛟᛞ ᚤᚢᛚᛖ
Monster Energy: 70% Magic, 30% Missile
Now do one for a spliff
REIGN is the medieval energy drink
rt
Esoteric knowledge in a can, A truly unique concoction
YESSS HES SI MEEEEEEE
please do a meadpost
i always call my energy drinks my potions so i feel more silly drinking them
,but what do the other flavors do?  The gold one and the tropical mango one def hit differently.
Always love these. Magic missile bro!
I love this
Missile (Magic)
Amazing again tysm❤️
Magic missile
Upon questing in the west I happed upon a tome, it’s inscriptions radiating chaotic magic. Any advice on what to do with such a foul book fellow wizards?
W (warm)
what school of magic do these photos fall under or are they applicable to all schools?
resonance of the third ~ ever the master of being the eternal student ⚜️
LIGHT WIZARD MONEY GANG
There’s a different kinda comfort in this post
Great wisdom this post arch-wizard
Gold
I slam the door with my weapon until it breaks open. Daggerfall type beat
that whench must of been an entwife, the way she left me broken and yearning
W post
You have returned, I was worried your life was claimed by troll!
Yet another banger Arcane_scribe post, thank you for the endless knowledge
Door is locked by some contraption.
Based tree beard posting
Magic missile
Very cool font, i wonder who uses it
My fellow wizards I was just listening to a song called untrust.mp3 with this same picture as the album cover
W
good post. magic missile
mystical
New favorite ig page
I like this font, stylish but easily readable
push it to the limiiiiits
I like this font
3:75 am
Thank you for the words of wisdom and encouragement
This font is so hard to read for me but I still love these
We must remain whimsical
this is definitely one of your best posts
Valid
On point as always my man
i love how they always end with magic missile. it just is good to me.
Who up climbing they spire???
Magic missile
Yes
Unmatched wisdom
Lol
Ayo where the first pic from that shit hard (in a mystical tone)
For I have learned many a spell to enchant the wenches from you, I shall incite, "bazookasabbra" next I get between the sheets with one.
I know I'm that follower, but unfortunately I can't comply for I've got some important spells to learn and must be in solitude for the next 20 or 40 years, we can get together for a nice draught after that tho dw
I am currently casting mystical spells and curses. I am weaving hexes rn
Who else up magicking they missile??
Arcane Parasocial Relationship
magic missile
You would squander your wizard powers to pursue such romance
esoteric wizard u are the light in my darkness
ORB
One of the best streams yet
How do you make them better with every post?
Incredible post, keep it up
MAGIC MISSILE
me n the boys in The Hill
lord forgive me I’m going to get silly and free
deep
So true ...
Which is this
Nice ego trip bro
I translated and interpreted the whole Page in a telegram group
43rd??????
Can't wait for the day
omw
LMFAOO
Cheer up lil guy
bro has been welcomed into the unity
MM <3
Hoard knowledge not wealth
I'm about to enter my wizard phase
What is magic missile I feel so left out.
I shall propose a meeting to the fairy that has caught my eye. Blessings and well wishers would be greatly appreciated.
1st slide all the way
Magic missile
I re-read some old ballads from german class and was surprised why I ever despised them. It was surely unwise to dismiss what underlies in this literature. (John Maynard, "Der Bauernaufstand", Schloss Eger all very cool actually)
You always post these on my night shift break it's so comforting
Thank you for the wisdom, Mr Wizard! Magic missile!
Magic missile! ✨
Yet another inspirational banger, thank you Mr. Scribe
me with my notes app
Sometimes it is necessary to face the dragons in our treasure halls
based and sarumanpilled
New favorite account
Santa Wizard
magic missile
the goblins in question:
magic missile
magic missile :))
You never miss.
Dude ima start drawing up wizard tattoos now
You are a rascal, a rascal who has no respect for knights
My strongest potions could kill a DRAGON. Let alone a man!
Magic Missile
the little dragon friend ,, ❤️❤️❤️
This account is sacred
I love the balance of genuine wisdom and a little bit of silliness in these posts, so glad I discovered this page
Magic Missile
After you die you cannot drink a bottle of whisky a day, so not drinking them means you're dead. Keep hitting those drinks to trascend✨✨
Mystical ✨
Magic Missile.
I’ve met many halfling wizards and warlocks in my days
Second quote goes unbelievably hard
best account on ig fr fr
Magic missile
Help me summon cthulu
one day when i have disposable income i will buy some well-made wizard robes and assume the role of a wizard in society.
Magic missile! Gotta up my magic missile quota.
we are in our magic missile era
magic missile
A magical missile a day keeps the wicked witches away
fireball
Only sylvan fairies and water nymps may cast their magicks on me!
just like me fr
just diving after following and this made me jej audibly
true
Is Santa a wizard?
magic missile
Magic Missile
watch out wizard the dragon is about to launch a magic missile
I shared this thanks for posting this
Do you, a wizard, believe in free will?
Thank you for these wise words friend, I can see myself using them to their fullest extents.
i want to understand magic missile…
This is so inspirational.
Quest Life ✨✨✨
Fear not if a fairy blocks thee. Many a fairies still wander the realm, some waiting to be entranced by thine magicks.
Esoteric Gainz
dark practitioners will see you float and say 'hes evading'
Real
Magic missile
Snapped with this one
Magic Missile.
rizzard wizzard
Genie yuss
magic missile
little do they know im a str int build
These go so hard
bangers today good sir
It was a wonderful journey to arrive at this place, dearest friend. Great men are rare on this great Road we call Life but I am pleased to have walked with one of the greatest. Benedictions and blessings from those who Sing, and peace be to all who have the pleasure to Walk. But above all, thanks be to those who are gracious to Teach. Fair travels dearest Arcane Scribe.
had to use my wizard eyes to view this post.
You cast smile spells. A welcome gift for this old young traveler who has lost his aim in recent days. Huzzah.
❤️❤️❤️
I love partaking in the splendid events of the one Arcane Scribe. There is indeed nothing my soul could do without Magic Missile.
:')
Thank you for being here, dear friend. I always enjoy seeing what you put here. I particularly liked this post, the reflective portion brought my eyes to the welling point. It’s a blessing to see that you’re supported so by everyone, I only wish you the best forevermore. Magic missile!
Definitely gonna need a thunderbolt post
Magic missile
magic missile ⛓️
+50 courage
"and now, wonderwall"
me and this pretty girl one day (hopefully)
W
This account is goated
Me and who
bardposting
listening to flim rn actually lol
~~~~~!!!
LOL DO U LIKE APHEX TWIN
Bardic scribe when?
Banger post, congrats
Magic missile
^ where literacy peaked
(Wizard)
W
Magic missile
magic missile
So true, I laugh at inconveniences daily. Also, magic missile.
I must stand tall, fall on myself, disappear in flames
Mr arcane scribe, your wisdom brings me immense happiness and clarity in moments of darkness
tryinge to read the inscription…. the text is a strange emerald color….
tfw I can neither handle the potions nor find the nearest seller who sells weaker potions

(I shall succumb to my battle wounds <tony_stark.jpeg)
Will ye ride home from the tavern after a long night of potions? Or do ye not trust your steed?
Lots of Malkuth shit in the air
what do we do if we’ve lost our will? how am i meant to change the world now ?
i was just doing a small session of divination and when i finished i saw you posted. impeccable timing ✨
Where do you find these hard ass images
Hello Magi, I am currently tapping into the ley lines to discover the untapped potential of arcana. Good tidings!
i am just a weary traveling bard inspired by your wise wizardy words, what a mighty spell you cast with your quotes!
Somebody once said “when you’re a kid you’re the traveler and when you’re an adult you’re the potion seller” and I really felt that
magic missile
Magic missile
There’s magic in the air every day… it’s just a matter of using it
I am most curious, what does “magic missile” refer to
Hey I'm a very new follower can I get an explanation on the "magic missile" meme?
Every time it ends with magic missile I angry-laugh
Words to live by
MY FAVORITE WIZARD SPEAKS AGAIN
These words may change my life. Thanks br0
Deep wizardry afoot here !
Goddammit
True.
These are a hit today. Fantastic
Personality 3 with friend group 4 is so relatable, I have a different personality for each friend group, tumblr blog, social media acc, parent…
You need one that says “ when the edibles hit” lmao
Your posts are the highlight of my feed
What a beautiful morning for wizardry!
Need me a robe and a pointy hat, and a walking stick. A fair fairy would be splendid but alas, it is not fated.
Probably my favorite account ever
i love this account
MAGIC MISSILE ‼️‼️‼️
More of a scorching ray guy myself but I totally get where you’re coming from with the magic missile, it’s a classic
working on making my magic missile stronger. it’s all about the basics you know
This account gives me so much serotonin
MAGIC MISSILE ‼️
relatable
That art is gorgeous. Where from?
Bro using special beam cannon
MAGIC MISSILE
Makankosappo‼️
Don't ever take no orc tavern from the orc tavern
I think my sorcerer characters favourite spell was scorching ray, he had it learned and a bracelet that worked as a circlet of blasting as well. It’s a really good spell.
Balls.
Fucking orc taverns
I love this
MAGIC MISSILE
The wonderfully whimsical world of wizard wisdom
The Aphex Twin one :’) ❤️
Shit
Mmmmm quite dreamy and whimsical indeed
You post nothing but heat old wise sage
Haha yes aphex twin
The Aphex Twin is quite relatable
wake up babe new arcane_scribe post
This one hits close to home
Such a lovely fellow! Full of joyous whimsy!
absolutely love this post format
how i feel as a starbucks barista when people ask for secret menu drinks (we don’t actually have one)
(((thy enemy party)))
the real question is what is a wizard to do when the problem is billions times bigger than himself
I love these memes but fucking hell I struggle to read this font
Who would win in a fight, a wizard or a goblin? A wizard obviously! #magicmissile
MAGIC MISSILE
SO TRUE!!!!!!!!!
Spitting facts
vaguely inspirational wizardpostinf
esoteric wizard I love you
Magic missile
Magic missile
Do you think she thinks of me
Oh great scriber of wizardly memes, truth be told, she doesn't think of you. For if she did, she would do all in her power to not lose you and make it clear how much you mean to her....
MAGIC MISSILE
speak fren and enter
If Gandalf used magic missile that goddamn kraken would be toast
she doesn't think about you sorcerbro
open sesame..open says-me..
This account has very swiftly become my new most favoritest account
I look at this Meme thru My Crystal Orb and see words that penetrates deeper than sound can penetrate
I drank dollar store health potion and I now has hives
Blessed be, I have the will to go on.
How do i know if i am a wizard do i go to hagrid
Wizard posting is truly amazing
I had no idea how much I needed wizard memes till I found you
I want you to know I only open Instagram now for you. Everything else on here makes me self conscious but your page makes me remember the beautiful elvish princess I am. Baladash mal'anorei may elune guide you :)
remember, the taller your tower, the brighter your orb
MAGIC MISSILE
Probably cant afford a steed
This is so facts
When the apothecary got that zaza
Slide 6 is so real
This goes so hard ong
MAGIC MISSILE
DOES HE KNOW❓❓
Consistently hard as fuck
so real
today is talk like a wizard day
wizards always have some insane drip
But we don't wear any armor, it causes our spells to fail!
Spice things up
Spicy
Based
Great
❤️❤️
my dyslexic ass cannot read this font...
MAGIC MISSILE
I love love love this account, but god do I struggle to read this font sometimes LMAO
genuinely one of my favorite accounts :) your posts make me giggle with joy!
By the stars, this post is wondrous!
Magic missile my beloved
YEAAHAHAHHHGHHHGHH
When will I be able to cast magic missile???
Can you please send me the image without text?
(quietly)
Esoteric af
what shall we do if the missiles aren't magical?
(magic missile)
I love you man amazing stuff
same thing only different style but musical wizard. big tom bombadil vibes from both tho
Literally the same as hamburger with cheese or cheesy hamburger
Bruhhhhhh the musical wizard
Both or only the strongest at spells
OBOD has both lol
Where barbarian paladin!
both
Ah, to be literate…
Yes
really
really
please fix it
Missile
Shit, I just made one that is nearly identical to the gas station one. That's beautiful
nice post babe
Lit
Great
Thank you so much mr scribe, I appreciate the advice, magic missile
i think i found my new favorite account
I show people my wizard memes so I can gate keep them when they ask me about it
Beyond source is based af
my missiles are extra magical today
Actually great advice, as always
this is the content the internet was made for
I unironically feel relief and joy when you post. Thank you kind wizard.
I actually got a little scared thinking there was no magic missile post here
I'm not magical enough to read this font
Who’s the artist, or is this AI?
❤️❤️❤️
On top of a mountain in front of a random house. Most probably out of network
In your heart
Looks nice to me
I'm that kind of gnome.
Getting into mischief and baking cookies and shi
Unless you wish to join in the relaxation, please hesitate to contact me
Snoot = Round. Eyes = Nonexistent. Beard = White.
Srsly
Finally someone understands!
I was in a different realm(I was sleeping)
I'm stealing this
Those who don’t understand don’t deserve your time ❤️
Screenshot
It happens to the best of us….
I was in the 5th dimension.
Trippy!
my quest today is leg day
I live for this damn page
To play some obscure snes rpg
I’m gonna draw this imagine I send you later
Yep
Or never.
I’m on this fr
In Arizona this is us all summer
que sensação boa
I’ve been preparing all year
In my hermit mode...
Yup
Yup
Not ready for winter yet, living best life in autumn
Please talk to southern hemisphere too, please please
Me and bro being wizards (employees) and going questing (working) on this mysterious landscape (non-slip floors)
How are you feeling?
Hide and bro seek
Bro, is that U ?
I need a magnifying glass for that
$lore
Wizards don’t have bros, they have accolades…. I suggest training your AI on something other than American TikTok
Lil bro is an illusion iam big bro. Ne.
The acient wisdom of our acenstors
Tap to autocorrect to ‘Ancient’ —>
Acient?
acient
Are these AI? Because I’m obsessed with wizardcore.
Gotta crank thr algorithm,  nawumsayin?
Real
Cursed item. Find another Wizard or two who can pull you away from it for a bit.
Mentally I'm there
Ive named the cat Peppermint.
So funny + spot on
Bro's living the life.
Been here since 1989
REAL
me when i get to Irithyll of the Boreal Valley
P diddy
Consuming elder potion within the mystical forest is the best!
❤️❤️❤️
My kind of "Winter Arc"
Relatable af
Buddy
Just wondering, are these images used in the memes ai generated, or are they from an artist or artists? Only asking because if it is an artist, I would want to check out their work
That’s right baby
Asin tamo
2? Wow! I am just happy to have my one friend!
Just VIBE your work so much. I now dream in wizard ❤️
Lol
Wow okay look at mr popular over here with his TWO friends.
Real (all my friends are in my head)
Sometimes I wish I was a lonely, dark wizard, and a tower far far away on some rainy mountain
Bromenology
Opening portals... can't come out
*playing DBZ
I want to be a wizard so bad
I be telling them tho
I foresee *social anxiety*
Me when I pull the tower card ✋ Plans? Cancelled. Anxiety? High. Hotel? Trivago.
Being tired is an omen of the most dire.
The dire omen informed me of an incoming omen. I'm about to have a stummy ache. I'm lactose intolerant and I've been eating cheese and drinking milk
me when I was 10
Collab made in heaven
Can I send this to my dog?
Yer a wizard then laddie. Wizard circle is every Tuesday at Merlin's tower. Bring snacks.
Sticks are phenomenal
my lore
I luv sticks ngl
This is dope
You’re not weird you’re cool!
Facts
This so real
Is now in need of a wizard shirt
((In actuality im autistic))
That beat tho
Show me your Nonchalant without...you know the thing.(Or weird)
I can’t remember the last time I went on a walk alone at night… I don’t know if I ever have. I would love to experience this though.
My fav lately
Can you send me these images without text pls
My whimsical after midnight/ before sunrise routine,
The night shines as bright as the day
Bro a man
Just chillin' and pondering
Luv that typa graphics
I do try to make the quest of any situation
Ever since i used these playlist my life has changed
Ya
whilst the calamity overtakes the world, I stay side questing
Gotta hustle
Approximately
Gotta get all the bros for the weekly meeting
Upon the Guild
Gang knows gang.
Boyz in the creek
Writing memes like I'm from the blackest hood imaginable (as a white guy).
I haven’t been gc in a month
like reading manga
Waking up to the reels bro sent overnight
Grog Country
GC = Grand charm? Asking from a d2r point of view
Bro
Grindcore?
White girl core
What's Gamecube drama?
GameCube was my shit
Real
POV: Walking home late at night when you get off your bartending shift and realize you forgot to put extra $ in the parking meter, so now you're car has a boot on it, and you don't want to bother with it at 3am
Been there, done that
This quest after taking several potions is god mode
Very late
Questing’s hard work but someone’s gotta do it
W my pen
This is just the reality of being a woman lol
Sending you a care package via pigeon for your quest sir
Where can we get this one without the subtitles this one hited extra hard for me
Try to sleep for weeks on the floor and you love a bed forever.
Every Jungian i know (me and all of my personalities)
Relationship goals
The uhh I uhhh … I have a kid I don’t sleep
Nah but tell me why this me though
Literally on an astral quest, dnd
On sum mystical Shi fr
I don't know why, but I absolutely love your content.
Need this forgiveness in my life. Why is it so hard to forgive thyself.
I need a cool leather bound book of this art. Maybe without the meme writing
“Well, that was the last arrow in my quiver of whimsy.”
Ons ✨Whimsical✨ type shii
Happy little accidents.
I low-key felt that ❗️
Trifling quips
Yep
Motto
Right before I summon my dragon for a ride (me remote starting the car as I walk to it)
Yes!
Nature casts some bomb ass restorations spells on my soul.
Nah fr
The Eternal Stareand its lowk majestic out
Every day basically
A bit of eternity
Yes
really the vibe recently
Your posts are my thoughts on a daily basis fr. Trips me out. Lol
Dragons are homies.
To be a dragon
Only Paarthurnax
Bro, don't forget Rick and Morty dragons
questie with your bestie
❤️
ayyyyye
Calling my witches to cast spells
although I think this would be so much cooler if it wasn't AI, I do love the sentiment
✨✨✨
⚠️ Extreme Lore Warning ⚠️
bro is channeling
Accurate
My thoughts, they spark shizzles ,✨
Can i have a wallpaper version of this
Frfr
MtG Fastbond but the sun is sleeping
real
Actually yes
They are in the south brother, we are being anhilated
*cries in South Louisiana*
This is why winters are the best
Natural Brosquitoe Repellent
But I did see a Wasp the other day Last week... Winter can't come fast enough
Bruh it’s the warmest winter ever recorded, we still have bugs in VIRGINIA. 70° November. We are cooked.
Me too
Winter arc on top
I usually sleep with 2 mosquitos each night, im getting used to it, but its hard sometimes. A man is not able to handle 2 girls at once
You're welcome
Where is he
I don't have a bestie
Yo this goes hard
Quest now rest later
Ohhh yeaaaaa
❤️❤️❤️
I mean in all honesty nothing is stopping you.
You wasn't and. My heart is NOT broken.
Reee?
Actual frog content
The forest call , but so does a meeting that could have been an email
Born to ribbit. Forced to croak.
Frogtent, if you will.
all i needed for tns adventure
I think u are right
Ok but im in the middle of netflix n chill
hey! it´s me!!!
this is me lol
Indeed
Real
I’m out.
Mana has been depleted
Facts
I care
All piped up
Mr. Wizard… we care
I care fr bro
I do
I care
I miss them.
I would tag them but we aren’t friends anymore ):
Soul crushing modern life. Re-enchant the world.
Born to Dilly Dally,Forced to lock in
Born to study sorceries and mix potions, forced to use excel and make protein shakes.
“How do we make this quarter more quarterly?!”
Wonder what prompt he uses to get this artstyle
Forced? Hardly. Coerced by "norms" more likely. You have a choice!
“This meeting could have been a mail sent by owl…”
Can technically do both.. share to a point where they're wondering what is wrong with you and why would you say those things
Remain a mystery always
I base this decision off the flip of a whimsical coin
oversharing to later remain a mystery to those who lacked the will to listen
Give them small samples and misdirect whem necessary
Born to remain a mystery forced to overshare
Self Bromotion
Oversharing insignificant stuff to remain unknown about the important things
Overmistery and remain share
A life ?
There’s an enchantment I need
A dark beer?
skittles
Good luck pls
Some pizza would be nice
A cup of coffee from the basement
Sanity to gift it to the humans
Nice to see you I guess
Lets make these dreams come true fr
I love this song fer
i mean.. i guess
I GUESS
Casting slightly less sad by coffee in morning "sigh"
If I have to
I guess but it’s raining outside.
Why is bread is so good though
The bread is inevitable.
1,2,3 Cheese Stick
Where is the art for all these coming from?
Pause if needed
OO
*quick become an AI rendering bro, there’s a camera”
Does anyone know what style artwork this is? Whether it’s AI or not; what word/style would generate this kind of style or art?
High Council
These are the friends I need
what y'all summoning on?
My people
Sss location
sum light
Type shii
Sad but true
Some folks get along better when it's every once in awhile; not constant
lol i havent met my best friend in more than one and a half years
HEHE TWICE
Literally my sister
the marias liked!!
I love wintertime. I get to see the stars more because they come out at 5 pm lol. And the colder it is the brighter they seem to shine.
This pic but how it feels to play the game Enshrouded knowinf I maxed My character and they add more content
Highk
I was on trip in nature with friends and after long way we camped on a hill over some villiage, that night we saw aurora borealis, it was predicted by meteorolgists to happen, but we did not knew it, it was all over the sky and it was beautiful and stunning, we just laid in our sleeping bags and watched the sky. The best thing us, that aurora boreails does not show often in our country and this ine was exeptionaly strong one. Wery whimsical experience for sure.
Twinkly stars and lore sticks
right?
Its highk
Hmm, I think ill go gaze at my favorite witch as she cast spells in the river.
Same feeling when i open up my instagram and see whimsical memes
Highkey
Bruh this song go hard asf
If my ADHD had a social media account it would be your page
For me, currently "Ballrooms Of Mars" by T.Rex, "Elephant Talk" by King Crimson, and "All the Way from Memphis" by Mott the Hoople
Who has a song recommendation?
Yes! I will play it over and over again, until I have squeezed every last drop of dopamine outta it!
It’ll be THIS song right here in the video
Me with the Skyrim soundtrack the past 2 months
But it’s always “Echos in Rain” by Enya !
Autism syndrome.. got it always haha
nothing better than a chilly afternoon in autumn
Winter bros are built different
Yes, and personally I love it
summer fans be like ah yes 100 degrees at 10 am
also known as 4pm in sweden
Summers fans be like: ah yes, my skin is melting just fine
5pm
i love winter arc ❤️
i was born in dead of winter so i embrace it. i can withstand the cold unlike you peasants.
Winter is far superior to the heat, humidity, and mosquitoes of the summer. But Autumn is clearly the best season. Its comfortable outside, the bugs are gone, and the fall colors are perfect for a good hike.
Funny thing is if you swap PM to AM it essentially is the same meme
Winter=Depression
Whole year enjoyer
Summer is too hot even without clothes but in the winter I just add more clothes
Magic ✨
me and the person who rents free in my head
I love this page but no one is forced to work a 9 to 5. If they make poor quality decisions and are lazy about becoming an entrepreneur then yes but other than that lol
9-5 use magic imagination in booring office
Non-exempt employee button ——>
forced to work 8-6
Dawg I just wanna cast Fireballs and seek arcane knowledge, but I gotta create value for these shareholders I guess
Use AI and chill
Move to Morocco : )
A classic 1 to 10 Walmart shift will make you believe in the yeti
Justice for Peanut
Nobody forcing you gang
That's just a day in the United States of A-mouse-ica
The whimsical shit
Greetings fellow wizards
Where are my people at
My vibe is take advantage of my kindness and treat me like shit.
Bro's hanging with the gnomies
Lone-wanderer perk grants additional damage and carry capacity.
I'm in the wrong tribe, have always been. I guess I'm the wrong vibe?
It to be like that sometimes
real
#gnomenation
Bro looks so comfy
Locking in is true freedom
im still gon dilly dally tho
Fr fr
Born into sin wrapped in iniquity
That shi look comfy asf
Sick artwork. What's it from
real
Always
Cool beat
Omg true
Too busy questing
overcoming my people-pleasing millennial programming to realize that sometimes leaving people on read and never responding a single thing will be more effective at getting them to cease their uncomfy communications than any combination of words ever could. now we're both uncomfortable but at least I have peace
Nah this one almost made me spit out my hard boiled egg at work ☠️☠️
Lol for real. In 2024 we all know what it means.
me
Real.
Ye ole sorry not sorry
Me n my boys when we're specks
Bro, bowls, and space dust
I like stewing in the cosmic juices from time to time.
The definition of occhiolism
You are the speck and the bowl. You are the universe experiencing itself through the speck and the bowl baby.
We are all specks and our energy will be flowing back to where it belongs <3
It’s like a cosmic gumbo
yes but it also increases the stakes. If we are but specks in the vastness of time and space, all the more reason to work our hardest to change things for the better. Just commenting this for anyone who has existential depression ❤️
A speck upon a speck upon a speck
Way smaller than a spec
Song?
This channel literally still is my favorite on ig lol always hitting at the golden frog inn
I got the dream
real.
who knew orbs could have so much ads
Beef mentioned
hero for posting the template for us
Me on Sunday jorped up crazy style watching cars and trains go by
the nice lovely mages are better than the grumpy ones
Legendary
This goes harder than HARD
This is what it is about. Leaning into yourself and being the best calm version of yourself. That's how you can be the most loving version of yourself. And what are we here to do but love?
Me with my assortment of seasonal herbal teas
what if this was already my summer arc
❤️
need that
In my Fall(ing asleep) Arc rn
Need
literally me rn
BRO THIS IS SO ME
that smol cat omgomg
My kinda ark
Omg yaaaas!
I relate to the first part but not the second part
Ok. I love the art on this page. It's so damn good. Is it a.i? Is it the person running this page that draws it? Is it old art?
??
homie a wizard but he chill fr
Lowk? More like highk.
Haha noice… i salute you, my fellow, wizards and witches.
lowk weird = owning your trauma and being a realized human being, people who fw you = normative children
No they don't
Maturing is realising we are all kinda cringe but that makes us, us.
❤️
✅✅
yuh yes oms
Truth I’ve never felt more free ❤️
Cringe Bro > No Bro
I am cringe and I am proud
Please take my picture down
I live by this motto
Cringe bros unite we have nothing to lose except…nothing
You cannot pass... To my House!
THEN THEY ARE NOT YOUR ACTUAL FRIENDS
why do I see tom cruise under that beard
Beard so long it don’t fit in my portrait
All my friends know I'm legit
If your friends tell you you’re not a wizard, ask them their best educated opinion as to what they think a wizard is.
You are a wizard if you know what the 1234 sequence is
Always
So, same as always?
Also before and during
GG!
I’ll bring the smoke
love language
Bro, you up?
Warm. Thanks.
❤️
I love this fakin page
Barbarians join my kingdoms or u be n the books of history sooner then u expected
The ups and downs are too wild to make it mid
Song is so goated
Exquisite post
Genius
Iconic
On deep Quest my fav thing ❤️
I love your account
True
Better dayzzzzz
Real work yes
☮️
me
It'a incredibly accurate
Pondering relentlessly
#StarDawg
“I have that canine encased in my being”
I’m just an esoteric good boi
Can I pet that dawg?
#LiterallyMe
True
I, too, contain canines
Is this Bosch's?
sirius black
That slap could be felt through the screen. RIP to my man
Can I join?
This speaks to me
Wish I was dilly dallying w the Court while merrily squabbling amongst each other but I’m forced to use future technology and log into laptops
Felt this is my soul
Mandatory overtime
Bro, who took this pic of me?
Too real.
Word
Please tell me there's a playmat of this
forced to use Microsoft Teams
Man goes into town on Sunday, stays three days and leaves on Sunday. How did he do it? Best answer wins
❤️❤️
If I setup my voicemail, this would be the message before the beep.
Same here!
Beautiful. AI generated ?
Fr
When I randomly lock in
This vibe is utterly immaculate
So good!!!
meeee
I live this life
Me too
I want moreeee moreeee moreeeee! But I am blessed with what I have.
You already have it
I recognize myself so well! Anyone else?
This is my 5 year plan
Umm.. I already have this life.. got anything more exciting?
The life I have
Can’t be lost if you don’t know where you’re going
Fcking love getting lost
Someone please call my Mom
What is this art style called ?
True
Getting so lost they’ll never find me again
Hell yeah
Me in the woods: well, they told me to get lost and I did
What a long strange trip it's been.
Especially the days when i'd leave my phone. Muahah.
A wizard is never lost, Frodo Baggins, nor is he found. He wanders precisely where he means to.
I can do this sometimes
*Me playing the game
why is every single one of these me
Well he's crushing it.
Actually, this fits me very well because my last name is Mago
I am the office
It’s more of a laboratory, but actually just my garage
Nice office
Rasmodius??!
How much of us would have to leave society before we become society?
Please expand. You live in a society which/that…
Needs more detail.
This always boost my mood and aura. Thank you
Need this in my life
❤
You live in a society, I live in an upscale waterfront trailer park
I want to live in the forest
I'm not tempted.
You know, we're living in a society! -George Costanza
I fully support this. (i am whimsical)
Casting or Outcasting
what is this magical song ?
Sticky quote! ❤️
Lá ele
That beat is organic
Gandalf coded
I love walking I would walk all day every day if I could
We are batman so we don’t sleep
This is awesome to find out that other people get caught up by the beauty of the night sky when doing mundane things. ❤️
What a beautiful feeling
High key
Especially with this crispy weather
I’ll wait to take out the garbage so I can visit the moon and stars✨
Then u hear a noise in the woods….
Then you get caught lacking and remember you live in the hood
Smoking the finest weed on my wizard pipe as I study the magnificence of the cosmos
Damn look at all the stars out here where my cigarettes are
it’s only right to stand outside for 30 mins with some random stick & look whimsical
Bro where can I find this song
Great now he’s asking me what’s next?
Sometimes I wish I can send these type of posts to my cat
Public Safety Power Shutoff
What’s PsPsPs?
Nice spell
I live pretty close to our college. My house feels like the magic rest stop for the za and good convo
Me and bro only live a few streets away. 1 minute walk
❤️
Me too!!
And crafting
me
Thank you for this
Type shi #loading
The Camelot track by glissey is goated
Finally.
Best lifestyle ong
This post almost made me appreciate 5PM darkness ✨️
4 pm here
So literally me!
Hella lowkey activities
My vibe
Always gotten dark after 5 pm
Man it be getting dark at 3-4pm
I get this . I often go on nature walks alone, wondering what the point is . Only to come back energised and realising I had a great time !
It's not about the walk. It's about the sticks we find along the way❤️
I love this page so much hahaha.
wdym walks in nature are the best✨
me everyday
yeyyy
i found a sick stick on my walk yesterday
I thought i was the only crazy one to collect sticks on the way
hahahahahahhahahahahahahahha
These have been the best Reels of 2024
I must go outside and walk through the howling winds now
My new voicemail
Lock in
Too much talking and not enough lore, finds a boy little but annoyance and bore
Me and bro in the ghetto
Me
Is this a warlock in disguise running this account?
This ain’t it
I am the third bro
Nooooo
No! How else is one then to jam with Wizbro power trio?
Third bro needs to get his shit together
WizBros always lift up other WizBros
This is wild behavior tbh
Hey do you make all the music too?? Loving the vibes bro!
favorite page ever❤️
This page is a fckn masterpiece
I fucking love this page so much
Where do these illustrations come from?
This is my side quest OST xD
Yooo my boy you should play WoW with me
#1
Everyday my need to become a sage becomes more and more unbearable
Can i have the original layout?
Even if he ain't in party chat, it's nice to know homie is online
What is love
Thank you ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Casting high vibe wizard love spells all day ❤️
Indeed!
The second after I told a friend I love him for being such a good friend he rarely says things to people he said I love you too I hung up looked at my phone and this post was there
Source?
I hope so
You are love
absolutely. you too brother wizard ✨❤️✨
Hope so
Thank you
Yussss
Hell ye
Respect fam
Fuq fashism
These kinda quests are my fav
I love those mushrooms
Bro can I come over? Let’s go on a quest
x)
Never find the right IA and prompt to hit this art style
$quest
always
Pretty neat
These wizards remind me of the gnomes and sun faces my dad used to carve. Immaculate vibes ✨️✨️✨️
How I feel like every day.
My coworkers
Wizards aren't forced to do anything tho
What if i want to be a dragon friend
I want this drumkit
Born to be a dragon rider forced to be a 9-5er
the best counterspell is and should forever be drug addiction✨
What happens when dragons collect taxes?
Yup
What if I impregnate the dragon
Let's figure out how to not pay taxes
❤️
My walk to work each day is 5km through a forest and beside a large lake. It's so hard to resist the urge to just disappear into the woods.
Always so tempting
Truly
Every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Oh and Thursday. Sometimes Tuesday. Lol.
by the woodlands you mean youtube?
Everyday
I quit work years ago to partake in this as a lifestyle not just hobby.
Real.
Song goes so crazy
Starry nights & cool vibes
We be out here getting it in
They hate that we ponder
Facts
"I wonder if I'm really dead and in limbo..?
This is so real
Song is slappin my Grandmother rn
ANXIETY LORE SUCCESSFULLY CONJURED
Realest shi I’ve seen
450 mgs of pure potential
Jesus Christ is the Son of the Living God ❤️ put your life and trust me, trust the Lord God Our Heavenly Father YHWH ALMIGHTY when you have tiniest doubth❤️
Where do you get these images?
Me when coffee + SSRI hit
Never constipated
Next Level
Exactly me on New Year’s Eve ❤️
Hey, I’m Omen
I gotta learn how to paint these
Hi, for saw a magnificent prophecy in symbolism, because words are boxes. It was my demons, they were dancing with me in the kitchen.
Best reel of all so far of any realm
Bromen prophecy
Sorry can't hang out tonight making excuses to be antisocial through meme lore
When I don’t see u on discord for 2 weeks
The prophecy can only be fulfilled when it is broken
Dude got the psych-ick
sorry can't hang tonight, the zone is calling
Sad but true
Forced to befriend Karen in accounting
I was made to be hiccup
who makes these paintings? what is this art genre?
Stop with the AI art!
Where can I find the picture before it was turned into a meme?
I love these things, but where is the art coming from? Would love to see who is behind each one
This page really does make me smile a lil when life just seems so tense and serious
Princess bubblegum type ahh ride
NEXT POST IS THE 420TH ON YOURE PAGE. TIME TO CELEBRATE
Fam play "Wild Birds" by Gordon Bok
Real footage of me
I can’t quite tell if this is glissey or not
I wish
“Why did you quit your job?”
“Gandalf told me to do it!”
Sitting in the car at home already 5 minutes late for work highly considering this. (It’s my birthday)
I am taking this sign finally
I quit my job yesterday ✨
workin on it
Ohhhh, I need to wait for the right moment
How to be homeless speed run
OK!
What if i work 7 to 6
One like and I will go.
I’m an introvert and in sales everyday is a battle
Just had a job interview that was enough for the day
Diciembre
Me trying to settle down the heroic dose of wonderfungus I just ate
Me during Family functions
Me everyday
I love this page so much
More like “dealing with people.”
Anyone wanna start an Anti-Social Social Club?
This what the internet and social media are doing to people. Not good.
I tried last night but lasted about 15 min
I hate socializing I want to be a little fairy dilly dallying in the forest all alone☹
Yes this is correct it looks like a lovely noon.
I love winter! If a ice age happens or years long winter I won’t mind
That's me
Winter is the best.
*ahh its 4pm
The worst fckin season ever
Winter days are short because the boomers used up all the sunlight with those inefficient solar panels from the 1980s.
Summer is for unemployed people and children. Summer sucks
❤️❤️❤️
me on my giant churro
Tower of Brobel
Bro out here giving terrible advice.
Lmfao
I live vicariously through your mistakes that could’ve been me.
To learn fast you must make mistakes faster
Bromeo and Juliet
More couple memes, plssss ♡
Anyone know what spell this is? Don’t seem to have it in my scrolls
No spells needed
Goals
Live in the Broment
song goes nutty
glissey > therapist
This is real isnt it
real
White magic
Same vibes as old school advent calendar with glitter and no chocolate
You punch the clock. We side quest. We are not the same.
Counterspell
What is this artwork called!?
To lollygag or dilly dally. That is the question.
Locked in?... na.. I stay in.. the present moment
Music is so dope
Harry Ponder
Pondering is why I’m so big and strong today!
Ponder on brethren
I ponder so much about everything I have become ponder
Can we get some T-shirts rolling?
My orb
This could be us but I'm pondering
I’ve pondered the orb in places you can’t even comprehend.
Heavy pondering .
They say overthinking... I say they're underthinking.
By the moon’s soft glow and the stars’ bright light,
I call on magic in the dead of night.
With wind in the trees and fire on the pyre,
Let this spell fulfill my heart’s desire!
Me
Through the veil where shadows creep,
I journey deep while others sleep.
With truth revealed and fears set free,
In darkness found, I come to be.
By light and shadow, I heal and grow,
To find the self I’ve yet to know.
I cast Pspspspspsp earlier. But I been chilling since. Soon take a cloud to the forest to check bro.
If you ain’t at LEAST pondering your orb, what are you even fucking doing?
Mememememe
I cast - going nonverbal at the function
Everyone needs this
Strangers be walkin' up telling a brother, "whatever you're doing, keep doing it"
I cast - stay silent and hope they go away
☄️☄️
Love your music. I have been listening in on glissey radio for about 2 weeks now. Your tracks slap and I want more every time I hit play.
the vibes will never be the same!
I cast 11pm depressing though
when you use the clear skies shout in skyrim
Me bringing up 9/11 at the function
I cast - blessings love and respect to everyone
I'm loving these wise guys with wizard hats ever since they magically appeared on my feed.
That's why I had to stop watching those Lifetime movies
Bro has been guessing right since the silent era
Every time
only real wizards have a palantir
if you watch enough gangster films, the plot twist will never escape you
Cinemasins made me this way… i cant enjoy nun nomore
I figured out “Old Boy” immediately
Me figuring out Shutter Island less than five minutes into the movie
Apparently this is a sign of ADHD for whatever that is worth. Thinking ahead instead of being in the moment. Probably pseudoscience but they say it.
Bros Templar
Are those pics AI generated !
First we need some dragons if we’re to take back the realm
me and bro always scheming about world domination
Type shit
Whimsy-fest 2025 LETTTSSSS GOOOOOOOO!!!?!!!!
$Lore
i cant get out-whimsied
When the whimsy ain't flimsy
✨
Going for a whimsy victory
does the whimsy script need to be that big though? It just doesn’t look that whimsical
Who makes this art????? Is it Ai generated???
These images make me want to.. like.. live a better life & maintain at least the 1 great friendship. Thank you.
Impeccable Lore
GANG
Rest quest
Fax
Carefree AND Powerfull. A hard thimg to obtain
"You can recognize gods even in their human form by their outstanding hilaritas.”
Is this beat on YouTube?
Bombadil gang
I love your content so much ❤️❤️❤️
i am there
First step of being a magician
Concocting some marvelous potions while casting fire to this herbal remedy this jolly Saturday ( I’m making drinks and smoking the Za)
how did you know …
favourite account rn
Where can I listen to this beat
Hold my calls
Excursions
Same
getting 10000 baht
How many et species do You have
I’m not even going to send this to my boys imma like it and hope they find this comment one day (they better not fail me)
I did just drop my album today so today is the best day to commit tomfoolery.
Best lore created !!!
i swear
Tom Bombadillo style!
I just found this page and god blessed again. This page is gold LOL
Can stop the shenanigans!!
Wand waving shenanigans
Wait is the whole world experiencing this rn
Jokes on you, my WiFi is already slow
10 kb per second is killing me
couldn’t read this cuz it hasnt loaded but if im cursed or casted upon imma be mad
Bold of you to assume I ever had good wifi
I cast counterattack and testicular torsion
I cast annoyingly slow wifi but with bursts of good wifi to keep giving you false hope
That gets fast momentarily so u know what your life could look like but isn't.
Slow enough to make you harrumph at your phone, fast enough to keep you from getting up to reset the router
Petr Matejsek moment
I CAST MANUELY BREATHING
One minute ago is mystical in nature
Where do you get the art?
(The world is now under siege)
Mages, wizards, sorcerers. We are all just different cuts of similar materials.
I hate you for gatekeeping these, i need to have them all in my camera role and i cant find them with tineye which tells me theyre AI generated
Hold my lyre
Who’s painting these?
Look up the Castle in Grandville Michigan… This is real lol
Made me laugh
Landlord’s trippin about the new moat
Cant hear you inside my golden suite
Mans out here an dat
Perfection
And use only 1 tiny room to play games
Hades, yes!!!
Only heat source is like, two medium sized 900 year old dragons or something.
Turrets don't even have murder holes.  Rent is too high for this
like touching tips
Telebronesis
following my path can’t question it jus keep going
ponder moment
Making really Fab wizard memes & hanging out with bro.
Literally me
wondering the same thing
Us weary travellers need to rest a moment and ponder ✨
Who makes these wizard images? I'm actually curious, does anybody know who the artist is?
Lifting heavy weights, listening to Jane's addiction ( im lost)
It’s not you, it’s all that’s wrong with the world.
Find something you’re passionate about and put it in motion, just don’t let the magic consume you.
Legit
Goals
Fr
True story fr
I'm thinking cabin in the woods. The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
(Im going insane)
Lmao I love this account
fr it was
What a Lore❤️
This account hits some deep introspective parts of me for some reason
What makes you, a mortal, think he can defeat an Istar?
Let's summon some thangs...
By side or by far you remain within ...................
real bc I'm literally a wizard I found out today actually
Bro why
My brain as soon as I lay down in bed.
No regrets it was fun at the time ❤️
This is the only spell I know someone help
Stoooooopppppppp
Oh gosh my weakness how did they know
*fails saving throw*
Oh I'm casting that rapid fire right around bedtime.
This literally the most diabolical spell in existence
It's super effective
My brain casts those on me 20 times a day, sometimes I have to stop what I'm doing to contemplate the cringe, lol.
I just found your account and it's my new favorite! Can I repost and tag you?
this shit too real
What is gc
My FRIEND
Where can I buy this fit?
Real
Never sleep
Do you plan on changing the music anytime soon or are we really sticking to the same 2/3 songs for the rest of eternity?
I immediately thought of the birth of the stag in TOG
every day I suffer but I look good so
I dripped too hard… now I fked around and drowned in sorrow
Can't agree more
One needs to ponder their orb whilst pondering thoughts.
winter is coming
Are these Ai-generated Wizards or an artist? I wat to check them out if they have more stuff in this style.
real
Can’t let gang know that im depressed so ill hit them with the hardest fit ever made by humankind
ID on that red wizard robe?
Except for with this Baby SquirrEL Eye Am Raising... Good memories with the Ol Fox.
Me Yesterday in the italian forests.
Can there be a BA sorceress version of this
Literally me in Norway (not even exaggerating)
Meandering, loitering and galavanting
Me going to the magic land (the zaza dispensary)
Except Is too hot to be out from 8 to 20 ahahah at least here in central Italy
from next summer on.....
I live next to a forest. One day, during one of my wizard walks, I spotten a Fehu rune carved on a tree. It appears I'm not the only wizard in my town.
replace the fox with a six pack and im there
Literally me in Sweden but with a book in the forest (Malazan)
Same.
*calls*
“I hope this email finds you well” it won’t.
Do you draw these or are they AI?
Shadow Money Wizard Gang
I hope this email doesn’t find you...
Bestowing my presence upon them
I grace them with my presence
And labeling those images as AI is too much to ask?
Me coming out of the forest
#ganggang
Icl I love your account bro
Pspspsps recieved
Who is the artist, do you know?
"Pspsps"... What does it mean?
This might be the only thing that makes sense.
I counter with this spell with “open can of cat food”
It makes all the senses.
Some days the quests can wait
Oooh my favorite spell
Seems I can't remove it myself
Lvl 10 in it max stats
Not me, I’m tryna win
I SHALL NOT DO IT FOR ANOTHER MOON
Me procrastinating work and posting memes
The struggle is real.
So it WAS YOU! Take it back.
That's my nation
it’s working
this spell always crits
This be more like a curse
How do cats work?  Good question. Perfectly!
Quest companion
Bonfire lit ahh text
me personally i make a clicking noise wirh my tongue against my teeth to call their attention
Meworse code
The dots in this photo make my brain happy #autism
Love them side quests
Ticks might tag along
Buddy the urge is getting stronger and stronger as the days go on
Some people follow the wagon tracks. Others make new trails
..with a stick
The urge is a must... A totally different world awaits
bro help me how do i get into creating this content
Thy scroll adds knowledge, posses stories and hold wisdom for many generations of wizards past, present and emerging
I’m tryna get through Dune the first book. With work taking lot of my time and wanting to relax when I get home it’s hard for me.
Dude serious where you getting all these amazing images from?!
read no longer human by osamu dazai holding a candle while my entire neighbourhood had a power outage and it was a fucking great experience
i’m on baptism of fire it’s great
Gonna put my hands on Witcher books myself
what does fw mean?
Damn, how is it? Somebody interested to give me a more detailed description of his experience with the books? I‘m pondering if I should read it.
Me with my Bible but missing my gandalf pipe
Probably reading Berserk
Behold a pale horse by William Cooper
A wizard must be well read
Fw?
Thank you wizard
Rare occasion
This post was funny until clementbossuet commented
This speaks to me
got that vrol energy
Don’t call me a uro
these are so dang good
Yasssss
agreed
Feeling some MAGICIANS BRICK energy here
Best page on the gram atm
“You’re a wizard, Harry!”
It’s kinda sad how these AI wizards are putting real wizards out of work
so back to what I was sayin
Where we goin
Bo staff or javelin for that quest?
I’m pulling up to the function late on a horse playing camelot on the way. When I get there playing euphoria.
when u pull up sober and late to the function
Wtf happened
Cant believe you did not put the obvious caption
fr
A Wizard is never late…
A true wizard is never late. He arrives precisely when he means to.
Where do you get theses pictures?
True wizard is the function
This guy keeps spittin fiyaaa
My bad mom I was slaying dragons and casting spells on the karen up the street
A wizard arrives precisely when he needs to.
real (no one gives a shit)
I love your page dude.
Did someone make this or is it AI?
Runnn
Go and meet Tom Bombadil
Sharting
low-key turn into a tree.
Dapin em up
Asking them if they want to hit the blunt.
Hail
Where do you find all of this artwork?
Asking if I can be granted powers
The Ancients (if you know what I mean, dm me, I love you)
This is the best page on the internet.
Blessed to be in wizard team
Wizards are best
Real(it's me & my personalities)
Have y’all had any potato chips lately?
Mad gleeful
Congratulations you're a professional consultant
“Or so the prophecies proclaim”
personally id do it for the plot but idk
My brother, I hold the secrets to life, but I don’t know if it’ll be applicable to you.
“Or so the legend says”
this is so real
When your advice to others is better than your advice to yourself:
“Or not, what do I know”
“You should skip the surgery, but idk tho?” Brother Wook
I seriously love these more than I should
Why are these so relatable
Sending memes back and forth with some bros for years, haven't spoken a word
I need a yapper gf cuz I ain't got a lot to say. But ears to listen
Me after
Sad excuse.
Sharing memes with the bros is still communication
I have yet to see one of these memes that aren’t very relatable
Wish I could show this meme to my dog
I found an awesome one. I was told that it was a log, not a stick. If I can lift it, it's a stick was my response
For a dog❤️lol❤️
No way we got stick reviews golden frog collab before gta 6
allday
This is the instagram collab we've been waiting for
Love love lovin this
That's actually quite fascinating when you go in the woods your collective "wise man" archetype kicks in and you enjoy the moment
The stick founds you.
Only the bravest magicians are not scared!
*walks up the steps slowly so the demon trailing behind me becomes intimidated*
We want blue wizards and lanterns
We want darkness and mystery
Don't ever look directly into the fridge light when traveling this path
That’s where all the dirty work gets done
Wizards aren’t scared of Witching hour.
Im scared AS FUCK
❤️
They out here casting✨ gaslighting ✨
So accurate. Pic and and all that
When I told my cousin he wasn’t Superman cause we were 6 and he insisted he could lift my grandmas apartment building
Don’t talk
Time for new friends
They failed the magic vibe check
Then I said, bro get a life
Those aren’t your friends ❌
I love this SO so much ❤️
i FANCY the captions & slides as well fellow wizard
I’m love all of these wizards. Please keep posting them in perpetuity.
I fw the captions but a good slide like this every once in while is good
Love this pg
Random No captions HIT, don’t stop cooking though
I always have the doubt, Are all of these AI generated or where do all these Wizzies come from?
Solitude
These go so damn hard
Bro i swear,I've seen all these places in elden ring
No captions are a cool mix here and there. But your captions are always fire too
What do you use to make these
Drop that mystical merch on us
soul!?
Does anybody know the source of these wizard pics? They'll make great meme templates.
I live in the moment
Xplain plz
Wow this is literally what I feel
But does it live inside you?
Escape the game
You live in your moms basement
Follow your true will brothers
A Slaughterhouse
I live in a society, but a society doesn't live inside me
+200 aura if it’s raining.
everytime it brings me back to earth but yet extends me to other galaxies
I genuinely fw this artwork heavy
And the worst part is knowing that you need to go back inside
Oi this post hit personal exp facts
That’s when you just go in your car and just lay/sit there
I walk with my cat no leash outside apartments at 2am. Have joints rolled. Enjoy phone walking g randomly
the airs always extra crispy at night when i go to grab something from my car
The star gazed upon me majestically
so real (i dont have a car) (and i don’t leave my house)
Why’s it hit so different. As if I realize I’m taking it for granted
Shit gets me standing in my driveway, 2am freezing my cake off lost in the beauty of the moment u kno
Coming home from the gym with a thunderstorm visible in the distance
That means it time to smoke a bowl
relatable content
Gotta do the spectacles, oracles, wallet, and watch pat down
watching this meme on my crystal ball wondering where my crystal ball was. this orcish hashish got me all kinds of whimsy
“A new hand touches the beacon”
when i dont feel my mana potion in my pocket
MY ORB
Fr relatable
When I forget my staff
Def drug related post
Penjamin,orb...same thing
Are these images AI?
So this is how you came out of the closet?
Gaydar
Immer und jeder Zeit
Maidenless
Where all these cool wizard illustrations from????
Longing for adventure. Maidens are temporary, questing is forever.
Maybe wizards do yearn
Who enchanting rn
Yearning for AI to paint his picture and do his wizardry for him.
Ah, longing, I miss that
Her is code word for bro, right?
Take an ice cold shower.  Problem solved.
You a Poet fr
#Exhale
bro is staring at the wall again
What is this beat
That's a pretty good picture of me
Cant relate, I’m strange and off putting
On god
Vibing⚡️✨
Beat name?!
Hehe funny ai and hype buzzwords
Taking advantage of my vibes
That part, and I'm still confused. Like thank you
Real
Pondering the enchanted pool of sideral foresight Is Indeed a dream.
This is my dream job
Is this your art, someone else’s art or AI?
Summoning and harnessing energies...
✨✨✨
Yart Factory
It does. Everyone has their own path, ✨
Well every person is different with their perfect job.
Merry Christmas
Making wizard fent
Song name?
This page is crazy accurate on the posts.. keep it up!
I love this account
i wish i could be mysterious like this.
My gf when shes playing hogwarts legacy
Me on my way to get a lil treat each day
I only came for Benjamin
Remember that Skyrim Dark Brotherhood Quest?
Me about too go see the og lion king in theaters
Let me CoOk
I love how they always in the same color
I like these pictures, who's the artist
I get lords of magic vibes
Love your beats (and memes)!
sugar, spice, and everything nice
A lock of my curly hair, the most beautiful leaf they can find in the area, and them chanting “we have pumpkin pie” over and over again
1: beer 2: beer 3: beer
idk like 2 dollars
1. Plane
2. Tower
3. Tower
There are many combinations to summon me but the most common is Dr Pepper, lots of hugs and romantasy books
1. Anything chicken (specifically sandwich wise) 
2. ForHonor 
3. Protein powder
2 girls and a cup
Weed, diet soda and burnout revenge for the PS2
Fellowship of the Rings, Two Towers, Return of the King
gun, ipad, potato
Why would anyone answer that question? Imagine being summoned by some rando off the internet?
A preserved female epicadus heterogaster (Seven-Spined or Brazilian Crab Spider), a “Scott Pilgrim vs The World” graphic novel box set (colored), and a PS3 copy of Grasshopper Manufacturer’s “Lollipop Chainsaw” (2012).
Does anyone know the source artwork?
I love everything you do
Enthralling
A portal
Inexplicable!!!!!!
The frog is accessing the quatum portal. with his astral helm. looks like magic. but its just a very advanced frog with cosmic energies
Imagine denying the magic all around us
wtf is a magic deiner and are they at Cosco
can i be honest this is my dream. people feel this way as well? then I want to live another day for fucking real
What if I’m weird & solid asf
Am addicted to these images
Are these illustrations AI?
I’m the weird one
Seen this caption one too many times switch it up admin!
I am your Godking work for me if u want to keep your treasures ammahahahah
La famiglia
what do you use for these images?
There's strength in numbers.
me rn
Nah ur fine my guy
Never thought I’d be rockin with wizard memes but here I am
Bro's halfway to the center of a neutron star where he'll be crushed into oblivion under the scorching pressure of a thousand suns as his corporeal form phases in and out of existence at an alarming rate.
song?
Have you ever tried to do a vow of silence for a day, then read the scriptures and touch grass... that is life... i did it once, and i learnt a lot tbh...
I want to know who the artist was that drew this.
does anyone know the name of this artist
Big if true (it’s true, can now confirm).
This is life without caffeine after having caffeine
Me before weed
neta cómo le hacían
3 DOSES OF COFFEE WITHOUT EATING AND I CAN FUCKN HEAR COLORS
*amphetamine
Life before Vince McMahon
My favorite activities
I know them well
I don’t know how scheming and memeing hasn’t caught on yet
Manifesting too if you will
Merchants of gossip
Why is Christian bale a wizard
Gandalf and radagast
Let’s meet for a pad work there mr. Admin!
Yea verily!
Born to send forced to don’t send
Sent dis to my gf
This looks like the backgrounds in The Swann Princess
No
Felt cute, might dabble in the dark arts later.
lol never left
Those shoes are hard af
Been pondering lately
Whimsical asf twin
It's not an era, it's a lifestyle
I’m a larper now
Peasants beware
Yessss
Def your new dating app main pic.
Beat fresh ahh
Who is he...........
that cloak off shein bro?
Yes!  Thats how we wizard!
Druid working as an Uber for extra dough
CALL ME DEERABLE
Facts
When are we going to get over this AI crap.
why a deer. yall havent tamed a dragon or wyvern yet?
Another one where Joe Jonas liking this proves he’s one of us lol
Buddy system.
typo but he still chill tho
*thinks things is weird
* and we totally ok wit that
things
*thinks
Curious, which language uses the front quotation marks at the bottom of the line??
Discrowmination
What is this song?
When a crow notices patterns it's "amazing" when I do its "antisemetic"
Well. Can ur retaliation make a real impact. Or do u need to let it go
remembering those that hurt you is wise. hurling pebbles and shitting on their hair is just a bonus.
Definitely becuase we think of humans as the more intelligent animal, so when when a creature displays signs of high reasoning its of great admiration to us. In the same token we hold ourselves  to a higher standard, higher of any animal,  one that is able to reason and think beyond limitation and above our instinctive feelings. So both animals are intelligent, but one has  a superiority complex
Higher sense of consciousness = higher standards for civility
It's not petty to remember when someone wrongs you.. especially when it's repeated and/or severe. Sure.. "let it go" meaning let that person go walk away (or fly away if you're a crow). You don't have to continue to share your time with them.
This is my safe house from Babylon in my dreams, no joke
Hell yeah
Chill commute
I’m mentally there when I do my drawings
Ok master Neloth
So you wanna be a Keebler elf?
Whimsical tree gang
"i know a place"
Indubitably
"can't rn babe, castin spells n shit."
Oh to dilly dally and ponder for a living
i just love this wizard
Purely
Multi chartered living
I work and find lore I just gave up on sleep
Exactly
Do both
Yes
Yo mama and her cousins too…
Me and me
Me and who fr
Me and whom??
Me and Richard in another universe
Hey, someone help a girl out and send this to me. Pls
Me and who
Me and who?
You and me
me n her
What’s the song
wish i had a beautiful witch with me.id probably kiss them every day, listen to their day while she does tarot or something. late night cuddles and forest hikes.my dear bast that sounds like a good time to me.
I want to love him for his lore but he thinks I'm using spells
I want to read whatever this photo is
rs
She loves the man I once was
She wanted to be part of my legend
So I write…because she likes it!
it be like that
Love this photo! Can you send me the original?
Dopamine lore ☕️✨☕️✨☕️✨
+2 joints
⚡️
*over✨
Every. Day.
Nah fr
Correction, OVER* stimulated
Simulated & Shaky, more THC.
Song name?
This page makes me happy
realest shit i ever seen
hard to understand for some ppl
This page is one from few things on this planet which make me Fero good ..
Thanks
Alatar and Pallando?
#Whimsicalgang
You mean people gather in lesser atmosphere?
Need to know!!!!
My friend told me he wanted to pu and bro showed up out of nowhere a couple hours later (or it was maybe just one I was faded asb)
God I wish
WHAT IS FUNCTION
I’m the lore
You going to the function bruh?
You know what "spawn" mean, right?
Who’s the artist
Every damn time, tf
Where can i find your images without writings on It?
1*
this is so real
You're lucky to have 2 friends ❤️ ❤️
i be seeing friendless people in the comments and it makes me wanna be friends w them so bad
Oopsie font change what might this symbolize
Nothing can beat a wizard's quiet contemplation
Wizard 101 type of challenge
I only need one for my enemies. Explosive diarrhea
Testicular Torsion
Here is just a few (Instagram won’t allow me to put all of them here, so I just put the basic 50) 
Ember’s Whisper
Frostveil
Nocturne Step
Eldritch Aegis
Celestial Fury
Luminous Rebirth
Veil of Shadows
Astral Drift
Thought Echo
Elemental Convergence
Levitation’s Grace
Chrono Stasis
Tempest Gale
Celestial Barrage
Nullify Enchantment
Rage’s Embrace
Heart’s Allure
Familiar’s Beacon
Metamorph’s Touch
Phantasmal Veil
Ward of Elements
Vital Siphon
Radiant Pulse
Graviton Surge
Mirage Doppelganger
Golem’s Summons
Veil of Far Sight
Translocation Snare
Witch’s Ascension
Soul Rend
Exile’s Call
Dreamweaver’s Portal
Shape Shifter’s Gift
Arcane Burst
Temporal Acceleration
Veritas Surge
Storm of Primal Fury
Verdant Entwine
Shifting Form
Spectral Edge
Eldritch Ray
Future’s Glimpse
Courage’s Aura
Aetherial Passage
Awakened Sentinel
Soul’s Link
Phantom’s Gallop
Protector’s Embrace
Chains of Eternity
Chaos Rift
Earth Magic:
Stone Skin - Increases the defense of the target unit.
Web - Restricts enemy movement.
Earthquake - Causes damage and destruction to enemy cities and units.
Gaea’s Blessing - Heals and enhances the target.
Terraform - Transforms land into more productive types.
Meteor Swarm - Deals massive fire damage to enemies.
Exevo gran mas vis
You just someone to give you all the secrets without having to earn them!!
Alexa play the best song of backstreetboys
Every Spell
Which Grimoire ?
This be me and my girls fr though- how'd you find us?
I'll join them,
me on a Tuesday afternoon
real
The ritual was a success! Just a group living in the moment!
That KCD quest
Ahh splendid
Doomscrolling I found this page. Wisdom accomplished.
The best bass from the doom scrolls by far
Me. Always
ok sometimes i have to indulge ok dad
Will touching grass bring me to the golden frog inn?
Doom laddering through the library, seeing each book for the one thousandth time.
Bro.
I wish I could have this pop up every time I scroll past 3 IG posts by default. It stops me in my tracks every time then I go get actual wisdom
Lol, for real bro
Putting synchronicity in takes the doom out of
me rn
What genre of painting is this?
On god.
Into the mist. Sometimes coming out of the mist is when we really have trouble seeing.
mist or beast?
Replaying dark souls 2, are we?
Where did you get these pictures?
Merlin, how many people I saved, and how many people because of me die? I did my best to preserve humanity. But I know I was pushed to lost hope in humanity...
This time I may never return
Your account is hilarious and always makes me laugh!
Doing ( drug's) lore right now
They know me. But don’t know my lore
Hajajajajaja
Such a great account. Lovin any post here
What type beats are these? Please lmk.
Best talk
T_T❤️❤️
Lore development is the only way
What is this studious music
Lore is the spell of self-dissociation ✨
This art legitimately gives me constant nostalgia vibes. It gives me weird a feeling
Didn’t like bc it’s at 420
My tribe =
My family has a farm with a wood....if you want we can settle there and live a quiet life
Questie
doing side quests for a living
Accurate
If Raiden was a wizard
Me after drinking my lemon water in the morning! ⚡️
Hell yeah
saturday night casts
Its raining rn nd i see this
best page on instagram, you never miss with these posts
There's usually three more of the deers I can bless
Me with my dog in my room after midnight
Love this account
REAL
eating mushrooms??
Major Druid vibes
Literally
People just don’t get it.
on bro
Sending this to my boss wish me luck
Oh no is this me lol
sending this to my boss rn
I could never be on time.. I love to dilly dally
someone send this to my boss for me
A wizard is never late
I'm not even coming bro wdym?
What is time
This page hits hard
Once homies, always homies
This what I came for mate
MY B I was grinding runecrafting. Here's 2000 soul runes homie, no charge.
Dilly-Dally on the daily
I love some good old fasion dilly dally
I don’t always dilly when I dally, but when I do, I also be lollygaggin
All day
this is the way
Ol dilly dally Allie in da howse ❤️
Man your memes are always fire!!!
I’m more into shenanigans, but this will do
Dilly dally!
accurate
Yup
I'm genuinely doing this right now..
I need to find some of these visuals with witches/ ladies too
Golden frog wizard merch when?
On a random day that ends with day
Same ✨✨✨
i want a frameless pic for my wall, do y’all sell this art anywhere??
Me and me all year
me and him
Where is this artwork from?
Who's me and who's thoughts tho?
This is such a meme
My thot is always in my thoughts
130$$
Dark urge players
What do you mean for once
Why no music?
So what y'all do with time saved by not typing the full word? I gotta know this
Ah gnome life
Spyro vibes right here. Anyone remember that one level?
LOWK
Genuinely the text on these have to be AI generated
Man I love your memes
who's the artist behind these?
They love us all though. Any tree is always willing to provide shelter and guide anyone
Lol "blessings"
Let me grab my axe
Oof
Me and gang locked in tho
Hey, leaf me alone
not true, they can't stop yapping
Asked the 'grass' and they have never heard of you
Sounds like orc mischief to me
Got more cap than a mushroom the trees love me (I won’t let the algo insult my love of trees)
whats rn?
this is me
What’s lowk?
I prefer highkey tweaking
Left n right day in and day out
Transmuting cave crystals into productivity (smoking meth from my neighbor and taking apart his tv that I stole)
song?
All good mate. Don’t forget to read today
Me to my employer
Bro had the penjamin on him
Sorry I'm late, goblins jumped me in the fog, had to barter with them, pretty cool guys as it turns out, smoked some gillyweed of questionable origin, ended up exchanging crystals and pestles, been looking for a green one anyway
(Didn’t take my medications)
(Presesh took a little too long)
All good now sit down
A wizard is never late. He arrives precisely when he means to.
This fog smells of Zaa
I'm somewhat of a mysterious fog myself
No appointments to be late for.... into the mist
To msg my ex and tell them I miss what we had got it
Time to plug my call
yippee
Heard
❤️
To spark one? Ok
Caution floor slippery when wet
Understood
this made me realise trippie redds album cover was ai generated…
omw
Bro yours are not drawings with AI, you just take photos of people around you in that realm
When I post from anywhere…b/c it just materializes from my dynamic thoughtscape
Brb
Gang
Me asf
❤️
someone bring me the transcendental elixer.
Ah yes...the ascended plane
Type shit
✨Lilly pad Listenin✨
This is also the grind
Basically thats the grind
Blending with the green leaves and yellowish leaves of the lily pads in the enchanted lake...
Unbothered. Moisturised. Happy. In my lane. Focusing. Flourishing.
Frolicking with my wizards is the highest form of wealth
spec ops wizards
“Poner las barbas en remojo” is a Spanish saying… it is to reflect on past actions
Tier 1 wizardry school selection
Had a dream I was jumping over them
The algorithm wins again. Thank you algorithm gods
Mystic ass song
On it! Getting it! Majiking it!
damn this one hit
I really needed this today. I’m feeling so sad and I don’t know ehy. Also so scattered
I wanna send this to her
They are making me pay. The complications of restoring my depleted mana (getting food from a pizza parlor)
Did it but somehow she resisted and cried, was calling for cops for some reason. But I was constantly repeating to her "You already mine, I just came to get what is mine"
Can anyone explain the word "grinding" here?
Never stop making these. These posts always make my day.
This one got deep
Nah, still here. INSPITE of it all..
Wizard gang gang
Ponder not the orbs of wenches. Attain the hoards of dragons.
And still I carry on
Christ is king
Really enjoyed the presentation. Hope you lear ed a thing or two this time around, this is home for a reason
*for tax purposes
Approaching the spiritual leader shaman era this information will be required
LITTERALLY ME
CVLT+time
Wizard only believes in truth
Idk what ai tool that is but it's so good
Muhammad and Joseph Smith have left the chat
Haffta start small, start a cult
Real
How to puh up to the function?
Gandalf
I puh up to the function
I'ma puh up rn
Got my steed prancing n your maiden fancin’
Dope
Puhing up
We not doin dat to the hetter h
I’m out looking for more wizards & warriors, we formed a cult! Search for “Forgotten Runes Wizard Cult” on the web!
Tf does puh mean
Puh up is new vocab.
A wizard is never late
Yesssss
It’s that good kinda hurt ✨
So mysterious there are 2 moons in different moonphases in one pic
this account is the best thing that has ever happened to me
Who is all the wizard art from?
Me fr(not at all)
We need some brown wizards up in here
Dream job giving the best strokes
Hell yeah
Valid.
Gained a follow
WITHOUT THE SKULLS
Valid
Back shot winds mixing with the ethereal presence of arcane magic  is wild
Valid
The word backshots makes me want to pull my teeth out
Ayooo
“It’s part of the ritual, babe”
We love casting spells
Amitabh sir is that you???
This photo goes hard, who made it?
Not funny in a haha way but relatable in a “I recognize the grim determination amidst despair that I’ve experienced in the eyes of this figure and also caffeine is my drug of choice” way
Thanks for the wallpaper brother
Funny. Inspirational
Me with my caffeine addiction, i am actually drinking a coffee right now :3
Yo that's literally Amitabh Bachchan
It's just real.
I cast: 3 redbulls no lunch 3 hits of the penjamin and a protein shake
Let’s go baby
Majestic
It’s the only way through
#Sunwizardcreditguild
anyone knows who's the artist who draws these?
Lets fucking get it
le gars il est bloqué dans le rn
Me after crying in the corner/bathroom, actin like Zoro in Thriller Bark
"I cast"!!!!!!!!!!!MANUAL BREATHING!!!!!!!!!!
May I share some real life wizard stuff h
After dematerializing to go on a side quests (go for smokes at the gas station)
Went from pondering the orb to orbiting the pond
Moonlit smoke sesh >>>
Smoking at the creek is one of the best smoke spots, unrivaled I'd go so far to say
literally me
love your page but these two words don't really make sense together
Posted at my smoke shack ruminating on what was, is, and will be.
It’s what to do when your two friends are busy
Mythic level reel pull.
meandering is not the word you were looking for but i appreciate the effort
Ruminating was the word you were looking for
pondering and meandering arent synonyms
Io mentre studio 2 materie insieme
This song is awesome
Are the images AI?
Nice art
Dance like nobody’s watching. Nobody in question:
but he do be rizzin tho ✨
They will never catch me
The caught me
Funny, she liked it but didn’t send it to me :/
Yes please
Me and my dog 24/7
Please
I'm high, why not?
your posts have the best songs
Does someone have original picture without text?
At what coast
Im getting so many wizard memes on my feed lately
bawlin*
Balin, son of Fundin, Lord of Moria
sanity
Hard
Ballin(my eyes out)
The only cost is failure my brothers
I just bought 3 Rolexes and I’m not saying this to flex but idk if I’m just buying material things to try and patch up what was broken and idk how long it will last and if I’ll end up back like I was before
This the realest pic I’ve seen in a hot minute
Me today. I’ve been pretty good for a while. But this is me today.
nah but fr how can i change that
Real
“A foolish man
is all night awake,
pondering over everything;
he than grows tired;
and when morning comes,
all is lament as before”
-Hávamál stanza 23
Song is fire
Ahahahaha
real
In a world full of yang, my heart longs for the yin (just overstimulated)
Me last night and this morning
*who knows where we parked?*
(I was supposed to remember)
Gsus
Fr
*not worth my energy*
444 klvn
Dark and Darker Vibes (post Hotfix #50-1)
music?
Should I send this to her?
WHO wants to ride with me on my dragon? :3
Best idea i've ever seen
Me and who
First date / last date cos he’s my husband now
Show her the kingdom
I'm in. What time you flying by?
Targaryen coded
I won’t accept anything less
need an apartment like this
Gang: walking in the forest.  Me: "excuse me boys..."
I will never call this place an office and ruin it❤️
If I was a squirrel id live there
I call the office my outhouse, because a lot serious business happen there...
6? That's rookie numbers
I wish I was only at 6 hours
6 hrs is light work
Only 6 hours? Amateur
6 is baby numbers
I averaged 20hrs / day a couple weeks ago.  Per. Day. Average.
In my defense, I’m usually looking at pictures of the forest
I need my background noise while I do chores
6 hours is amateur
6? try 17hours…
You forgot the 1 before the 6
6 hours is low
6 hours is bush league
Nah, that gives away the fact, how you don't like the real world and prefer an exit. (though of course 6 hrs is less)
Believe me
I graduated to high-school boys!
"I cringe, therefore I am." Fixed it.
This is thee.
Felt
I want this on a shirt.
Facts
I love .
Frrr
I am human therefore nothing human is strange to me
I'm not
Call me the flash the way I’m running home
The art is gorgeous!
I have three pairs. Why do they all end up dead at the same exact time tho
Immediately I'm going home or I'm not leaving the house
There’s a reason I have a pair at work and a pair in my bag. I gotta have that shit
She head on my phones till I crib
Impossible
Make it four and I can cast some Goetia friends for u
Oh baby a triple
Yo this is a maaaaad throw back. Me and the boys use to pop like 5 bottles of skooma each and just RUN baby.
Where to find the artwork? I'd love these as my phone Background :)
E'r day
Good God, steal a sweet roll from a jarl you don't like
I can't take it on empty stomach
Chilling in Sheogorad
lmao Im in the woods right now
I know guns are kind of a sensitive subject but having a rifle in the forest just for the sake of it is such a vibe, I just want to act like a survivalist for a few hours and enjoy fishing while I'm at it and maybe shoot some cans and bottles
God I wish there was a forest nearby  I could be whimsically autistic in
What if your work IS dilly dallying in the woods ?
That is  purely The Urge, my froggo.
Tune ID?
Real men don't skip work
I’d friggin fall in love!
Tru Tru Tru Tru
Marry me
Wife material
Ouh that's me
i aint complainin tho
Grip looks good to me. Wizard knows how to Glock
Wait what the
400th like
Fr
you are literally the best wizard page
Ahh yes he is an expert at the “ hollow tip “ spell
Nah dont rob your weed person thats rude...
Don’t forget the norepinephrine ni**a
That should do it #ThAnKsBuDdY
Homie needs to get his grip higher on the frame of the pistol #FakeShooter
I may be cringe but im free
music?
im just me
I love being weird. Got to keep the normies on their toes!
Being cringe is better than being someone other than yourself
Cringe til the end
Fr
I ate it all last night! Crap!!
I ate it all last night! Crap!!
Mixed veg in everything sauce. My favourite.
Me
Fr
Fr .d
Me rn⭐
i'm conjuring my spell of illumination
Bray wyatt fans
What beat is this?
Indeed (real)
Real
That's why me and my homies all love Golden Frog Inn
love that
Literally all time fav page from henceforth
BASED
Barbarian work for me i promise u the world
To cringe is to be human but to be cringe is to be divine
My favorite  new page (new to me cause i just found it)
BE CRINGE BE CORNY BE FREEEEEEEE
You have given Dobby a sock
RIGHT NOW
finally a wizard post that isnt ai art
Real
What beat is that ?
How I feel opening fl studio after a 12 hour shift
Real
❤️
Yea duh
We straight scampering outchea
Reminds me of the cover for “Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness” by The Smashing Pumpkins
Highkey geekin rn
My guitar self trance face
Yeth
Yes
Yes
1 LIKE AND I SEND IT TO HER!!!!!!!!!!!
Real.
glazed
You need the struggle to shine ...when you understand that you start to live
Goth Money reference
a diamond cant be smooth without the rough it goes through
That’s buddy count
Yup!
It would still be 0
Still 0
Socrates said there are three types of friends, and most of our friends are temporary. Most of these temp friends fall into two categories: pleasure and utility. Pleasure friends are people we hang with because it makes us feel good whether that's because they are beautiful and their company reflects beautifully on us, or because of shared interests, etc. The Utility friends are often older, wiser, or more experienced in whatever field. One person is not likely to fit into both categories (though both can be in the same category). If I am the utility friend, they are usually the pleasure friend and vice versa. The "pleasure friend" gets to learn or gain from the utility. Third category and the reason that I posted this absurdly long paragraph is the "Virtue" (or lifelong) friend. Socrates said you can really only have a small handful of these because of the amount of time and dedication it takes to grow this kind of relationship. By the very nature of our constrained/finite time we can only have a few. These are your "wizard squad"
Nigga what does that even mean?
What about the level of each friendship and the ones who end up being "enemies"
Still 0
It’ll be better if you have few friends not a lot …I hate people who like to have lots of friends and are always searching for friends
I’m the Dragonborn. I’m new to this strange otherworldly thing called Instagram. But if you will become my companion, I will protect you with my life. Or I’ll simply reload my previous quicksave to bring you back to life after you were killed by a Draugr.
stripes over checks
Never
Real
Lmaoo
YOU GOTTA TRY
Gotta catch up with the ancient scrolls
Gotta catch up with the ancient scrolls
I wish I had the eye for identifying AI images others do. I just be squinting at art a lot anymore.
Gotta catch up with the ancient scrolls
If you are born to cast by all means cast.
I ain’t even complaining let’s go learn spells or sum shit
Kiln of the First Flame
Carcosa
Ohio
yessir
Me
In Gandalf voice “I have no memory of this place” …moments later “When in doubt, always follow your nose” lol
Who painted this
Bringing the torch and my spell book for the ghouls ( bong and lighter)
Taking a shit rn (its 3:18 am)
It does feel like walking in the Bloodborne’s chalice dungeons
Casting sudden illumination at the cost of distoring my vision (turning on the lights)
Golden
There are no mistakes, it was all written at the dawn of time
YES!!!! Omg this, this is how I feel. We all learn from mistakes, so see mistake as simply part of your journey. Dont dwell, don’t shame, learn, grow and move on!’
In love with this song tho
Whimsical no . Wonderful yes.
Hits strangely hard
Klimt + Van Gogh vibes
Real
I’m the Dragonborn. I’m new to this strange otherworldly thing called Instagram. But if you will become my companion, I will protect you with my life. Or I’ll simply reload my previous quicksave to bring you back to life after you were killed by a Draugr.
Bow before me, for i am the Almighty Niyander
Am i better than everyone ✨✨
Animal affinity+50
I wave my palm and dozens of animals sit on my hand & arm. Is this normal
Then it sniffs your hand, disappointed.
Type shit
Song?
Shouldn't that be a QUEST-ion mark?!?
❤️
Goated
Exactly
FUCK NOT AGAIN THIS FCKN QUEST WHO REQUIRES GETTING 6 APPLES AND 7 WOLVES CLAWS
it’s intergalactic
I need that 808 :(
Me alone in my room
Song name ?
Who be making these beats?
Itz just me
(I'm literally tweaking)
fye
imma need this pic
Green FN
Dad and Darker Vibes V9.5 (post hotfix #43)
i cast skibidi brainrot!
Gang gang
I do wantever I'm what to do
Want :(
How do you find images like this?
Random gc?
The typo makes it eh
What***
ngl, I be manifesting universes you can't even perceive (I'm using incognito)
NEED THIS ON A T SHIRT
Ethereum to the Moon
(Ethe)Real as hell
For (ethe)real
AKA gettin zooted as fuhhh
Wow this image is fire! Where can i find it without the text?
Thank goodness. I’ve been waiting to hear back from bro bro.
Top text
He cast
I cast "warm pillow"
cast failed
Wait, don’t do it. Wait, WAIT-
We’ve done it. We’ve hit peak wizard meme
This song is dope
This is my ultimate goal
I do this on weekends to unwind
Chopper?
Ones soul was the original currency. Is it really free?
I took acid one time and while walking down the road at night on way to my gf house. I felt like I belong d in the woods. It was dark. Almost like a bet. The woods was saying you won’t hang in here with all your fears. I walked into the wood line. Once in a hurry to fifty feet I could see out to the sidewalk and streetlights. Then I knew it was me that caused fear
Reading this with that comma in the wrong place about gave me an aneurysm
Reminds me of Over the Garden Wall
The last thing people need is me as voice for the forest folk.
This is literally how you get shot
Real (I'm in lidl)
Real
Especially at work I be trying to pinpoint it
Real
Real
I wish I had a hot gothic witch staring at me. Even my most ponderous orb left me.
i got them plump warlock lips so all i gotta do is slightly part them and boom
Real
Frfrfrfrfrfr so real it’s crazy
Real
Let a mf peep the aura rq
That be lil peeps castle
This is literally me today
3rd one is my place. Swamp hag hangout
I think girls who live in places like this are the crazy ones, i love it
Would
She gon peg yo ahh
My boi was tempted by a faerie
Where did you find this picture of my house
Be careful with the ones living in the 2nd one, don't play with the fay.
I also can see her father from the window. He is wearing a black and red cape, playing his organ! I didn’t knew he liked classical music… and his skin tone is weird… it’s white, but literally white… literally… maybe he is sick
LOL
I like this beat
I cast " Engine works through faith"
Bro I hate your posts because I love them too much
I cast “oil change”
I cast "retrieve lost 10mm socket"
True
"Home.. at last"
Real
This hits hard
im a sigma
real
I need to open their portals
Real shit
Yes please
Song??
LMAO RUNS OUT OF MANA
Real wizards listen to Britney Spears
Real wizards listen to prog rock
Need more mana
Whole gym bout to get a lil whimsi
I want to cast a fireball
Fax
YEAS
This guy spittin fax
I’m going to summon Apep
Simsalabim abracadabra for any price make my ass bigger thrice
Hell nah. Cut and run. Life is bigger than a paycheck.
Life gets better when you realize you can basically just do what you want. Don’t like that office job? Just leave. Sell your stuff. Take a train to Alaska. Work a seasonal job, and buy a small plot of land. Plant a garden, build a cabin. Just straight vibe all summer, work a seasonal job in the winter to stave off seasonal depression and pay for the land. Just do it, nobody can stop you.
Though, perhaps some degree of putrefaction is part of the process.
Forced* to rot in a cubicle
I want the snug tbh
real
One must embrace the struggles in order to achieve & appreciate the snuggles
Real
Me on my way to disrupt and bother society
yup
I CAST… NOT-SO-MAGIC MISSILE
Me when the atf do a no knock raid and sets off my claymore by the door
It's me When my Mana bar is regenerating
blasphemy
He just like me fr
Court wizards back in the day:
“That sounds rather intriguing, ill make the deal only with one condition” (100% of the supply is Fent)
How me and bro walk in to make this deal
Tryna convince homie to come over be like
Lmfao I'm dead
It will only cost….your soul.
A guy actually did this and it worked
We cooling we chilling
Let's go ponder our orbs
I love my oddball friend-creatures
Me and the gnomies
I be watching the posts just for the music
How TF are you standing after one?
9.11 yoctoseconds is diabolical
dmt blinker
Golden frog never disappoints
True
Does someone have the potion spell (drinking a hot coco)?
My ping is insane here
this is the best spot for coffee break ☕
What are you doing at my crib gang
We all need to visit
Damn player
looks like that one game from wreck it ralph
Corum the prince in the scarlet robe
Command tower magic land
Dawg get out of my tower
Oh no you have gained the attention on the atraxi.
My guy got da eye of sauron in his crib
Gandalf and Merry when they realize Sauron was using the Palantír to spy on them when Merry touched it
Befriend it
AND IF YOU GAZE FOR LONG INTO THE ABYSS, THE ABYSS GAZES ALSO INTO YOU
"They are not all accounted for, the lost Seeing Stones. We do not know who else may be watching!"
This is the only acceptable way to use ai
If that happens you have to start a cult and spread it to rule the world
Such is the fate of BUUFO: CHAMPION OF THE HUNT, PONDERER OF THE ORB
Heres it summed up: gods that need family counseling
Where can i get these pictures without text
Me trying to figure out how to play Elden Ring
digging through the ancient tomes on Fextralife
The ring belongs to the elden
So much lore
Me reading item descriptions to understand the lore
literally
Vaati gang
Does somebody now the name of the picture?
I could understood it with more than 40 h in lore videos
This applies to some other games made by from software.
That’s were you just start watching video essays
Radagast energy
Been thinking about it!
Can you inbox the original pic to me?
Just hit up the smart shop!
Typa shit i been on
Song name? Slick hard
Reql
Beat is beautiful
Real
real
real
real
Please find someone to rap over these beats they’re to good
real
Real
Actually me
Did Tom Bombadil post this?
Hey dol! merry dol! ring a dong dillo!
Ring a dong! hop along! Fal lal the willow!
Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
Literally frieren
I’m trying
I'm whimsical asf bro I'm always up to hijinks and capers
For personal reasons I have decided to remove the limiter placed on me and my sorcery. No more holding back as a wizard and brother of the arcane arts
Me every day
Me and my council be frolicking on the real
This gives me the vibe of the introvert friend that's secretly better than everyone
Me frfr the hating g energy is no more jus excitement for the future fellow wizards
*has enough mana for satellite imagery*
Doom 2
image so hard i unliked it so i can like it again
The feds actually put xray vision into most modern cams from 2020 to bypass this
source?
It's a silly moomin plaster in my case
and cotton in the mics
Mid day eepy vibes hittin hard fr
My hit points were too low and I got eeped
Love how this song just became the "wizard song"
For real! I still haven’t figured out what conjuring techniques you are using to get all these depictions of me.
Where my hypnomancer bros at
Eepy time
pondering orb = in Sauron's DMs
Relatable
Lemme ponder your orbs
She won't show me her own orbs, so why bother changing the object of my pondering?
Bobby Althof at Drakes party
A wizard is never late, nor is he early. He arrives precisely when they open the food buffet. (Then leaves with pocket bacon)
Hehehehehe
I aspire to be the evil nomadic sorcerer living on the outskirts of civilization that crashes banquets on my fell black steed just to curse the king
How has no one casted dragons breath
I may be out of mana, but I am never out of freedom.
I got here for the wizard memes and stayed for the pixel art
Make it cast air support and summon brrrrrrr (a10 warthog)
Scaper scaping
Hell yeah
You cast lead barrage because you are out of mana.

I use mana to enhance my lead barrage.

We are not the same
Dale plomo
May some wizard explain me what’s a lead barrage plz
I see….there….like I see them all……..
Want me to rotate it in my head?
I would love to have decades long conversations with ye
Can the miniature universe run Doom?
Oh we’re gonna be talking alright
Rick Sanchez
I play RimWorld is that close enough
At least in your mind
Type shit
This is my inner true void
Me on a Monday-Friday as a master Cryptomancer (unemployed failure)
me rn
Bro i need this image rn
Engineers represent!
I counter cast holy 9mm
I can't send you more messages but I want to thank you for your kindness mister frog
I counter cast rectal rejectus.
Fungus into ur dingus?
When u try to get to that next level high
Mushrooms in my butt? Ok!!
Hoods over hats anyday
Im a certified retard
Og faded beats
Pov ur wearing the manticore armor on the witcher 3
Nature was against him… No natural mana to tap into… But he found another way.
I create magnificent brews, stews, and potions. I need not cowardly spells son
Typical alchemist L
(you're an unemployed alcoholic)
What's the song???
Can finally afford some new incantations and concoctions
Stonks^^^
Real
Stonks
After i sold everything that was worthy on my account i got myself "rust" on differents Ccounts
Felt
Bbq sauce
I cast chilly willy
I cast always notice nose.
I learned the counter spell
*takes a deep breath*
Very powerful spell, 10th level I think
Thanks
Oh god damnit!
I literally gasped
Bro can I screenshot?
Drank
Dark Souls
(Drank)
Now this is epic
Wait this goes incredibly hard, may I?
Wizards, Weed, Elden Ring
Wtf this is so hard dude
beat got me horizontal head bopping
i need a "thinking about him" one so i can send it to him
summon goes abysmal
Damn
Me
It’s okay to remember but do try to move on! There is more to life than the sadness you just have to get past it first :)
Your son sold me fentynal
I both ironically and unironically feel this one
Me right this moment on the shitter
we makin it out da coffin with this one
Where is this pa8nting from?
True wizards don't think. All we know is shoot fireball and speak gibberish
The machiatto is like 27$
I only tip the baristas at The Golden Frog Inn
They get paid for what theu do
What's the song?
Their awkward is pause is awkward as f**k.
